- TRENCH: Containment Sector.
Panopticon.
Altered Items.
Maximum security prison.
Dangerous.
(INDISTINCT
UNINTELLIGIBLE SPEECH)
- JESSE: P6 is what the bureau calls Dylan.
His cell's been breached.
Has the Hiss found him?
Are you there with him?
Can you protect him?
♪ (MUSIC ON RADIO)  ♪
(DISTANT SCREAMING)
(PAINFUL SCREAMING)
It's been a long time
since Dylan and I knew each other.
I've wondered about him.
What kind of man he'd grow up to be.
Were things as hard for him
as... they were for me?
Maybe in here.
They were even harder.
- MAN: Oh! Hello!
Is there something
I can help you with?
- JESSE: I'm Jesse,
the new director.
I need to get inside.
- MAN: The new director?
Right, uh... Well, okay. Hello, I'm Federick Langston,
the Panopticon Supervisor.
It's not the best time for a tour, we have Hiss everywhere
and numerous cell breaches.
And system failures across the board but...
...you're the director, so... here we go.
Founded by Zachariah Trench. The Panopticon is our state-of-the-art repository for all Altered Items, Objects of Power, and...
- JESSE: I don't have time for this!
I was told Dylan Faden was kept here.
Can you help me find him?
- LANGSTON: Faden? Uh... sure...
Darling wanted him somewhere secured
and isolated away from people.
He's in the maximum security cell
upper level.
But there's currently a...
a pressing matter, ma'am.
We've got an Object of Power loose in there.
It's wrecking the place.
The Benicoff TV.
It's a real doozy.
Salvador took a team in to handle it
but no one has heard from them for hours.
This is a category five OoP we're talking about.
If we don't contain it soon, it will tear the Panopticon apart.
And we don't want all those Altered Items
getting loose ma'am. No... trust me!
- JESSE: Dylan's in there.
Open the door, Langston.
I'll handle it.
If you say so. Uh...
I usually tell first timers
not to touch anything so uh...
Just do that.
Here, I'll get the door for you.
And please ma'am, call me Fred.
- JESSE: Thanks, Langston.
- LANGSTON: Is the TV back in its box yet?
No rush or anything, it's just... you know.
An on going concern.
- JESSE: Do you like working at the FBC?
- LANGSTON: Sure. I mean, yeah...
The drama is a bit much but I get better benefits here
than I were over the postal service.
Like checked, better health care.
That's not to say I don't like my job, ma'am.
Been here over 15 years, no one knows
the Panopticon collection better than me.
I'm uh...
...close to them, in a way.
- JESSE: I can't tell if that's creepy
or normal here.
How do you keep the Altered Items under control?
- LANGSTON: It depends on the item.
Each one has different needs.
Ritualistic touches go a long way.
Singing to them... Flipping the lights three times.
That sort of thing.
- JESSE: Did he say "singing?"
It's not superstition if it works.
- JESSE: What's the difference between
Objects of Power and Altered Items?
- LANGSTON: Think of them like storms.
Objects of Power are like tropical cyclones.
Or hurricane for the uneducated.
They're big, rare, and scary.
Of course, the directors can just bind the OoP
and become the eye of the storm.
Altered Items are more like
weird thunderstorms.
Some may rain frogs, some may rain corns.
But they all rain something.
- JESSE: And how does the Hiss
factor into all that?
- LANGSTON: It's changing them.
Making them aggressive.
Now they're all raining...
I don't know... knives.
Knife rain.
- JESSE: Nice metaphor.
Did you work closely with Trench?
- LANGSTON: Uh... He spent most of his time
with Darling and all them.
The inner circle.
Not that I care.
- JESSE: Trench certainly had his favourites.
- LANGSTON: He did stop in occasionally
to scowl and smoke.
Did you know that the bureau
has a no smoking policy?
It does.
Just not for Trench.
Still, he is the one who put aside
funding for the Panopticon.
The man did have vision.
- JESSE: How did you get this job?
- LANGSTON: Started it as a junior agent.
Because my uncle knew a guy.
From there I got put on a desk until an accident
left the Containment Sector serverely understaffed...
...at which point
I got bumped up to management.
Put in a steady eight hours a day
for another ten years and voilà.
Supervisor.
- JESSE: I just picked up a gun.
Or a gun picked me.
I'll see you later, Langston.
- LANGSTON: I'll be here. Like always.
- JESSE: The Panopticon.
Dylan's close.
But that Object of Power might wreck this place
before I find him.
Something went wrong with the bureau's plan
to make Dylan the next director.
Marshall made it sound like
it was all Dylan's fault but...
How much of it what was the bureau did too him?
I don't think she's telling me everything.
- MAN: Hello?
Is there... Is there anyone there?
(DISTANT GUNFIRE)
- JESSE: That is the Object of Power.
I need to cleanse it.
(STATIC)
Okay.
That thing was Salvador,
the Head of Security.
His team didn't stand a chance
against the Hiss.
(UNINTELLIGIBLE & MUFFLED SPEECH)
Okay...
...dealt with the TV.
Now I can find Dylan.
Dylan.
He's so close.
- EMILY: (VIA RADIO) Hello?
Can you hear me?
Are you there? Jesse?
- JESSE: Emily?
He's gone. Dylan isn't here.
He might be nearby.
Or maybe the Hiss got to him.
I don't know.
- EMILY: Jesse, listen.
Dylan's here.
With us.
He's just walked in.
He said he's giving himself up.
He's been affected by the Hiss.
But he is different than the others.
We must isolate him.
- JESSE: I'm on my way.
We need to get back.
I have to see my brother!